Scritta da un umano ma con possibili tracce di AI
I remember back in 2014 while on my lunchbreak, I was reading about a game called Witcher 3 in Gameinformer. It was set to release in the 1st quarter of 2015, and I was very intrigued by it. The guy who wrote the preview said how in-depth the game was, and at the time, I wasn’t interested in games that would take north of 100 hours to beat, so I decided to take a hard pass. Once it released, I found myself spending a lot of time watching people play it on Twitch, and I spent even more time watching (and enjoying) recorded videos that a buddy sent to me. But still, I felt that game was too damn long, and that I would never play it. Fast forward to the summer of 2018 and I literally had NOTHING to play! At this point, I’ve played a few 100 hour titles, and I think I was finally ready to take on Witcher 3, and I was no longer afraid of the length. I was assured by someone that it would last me from June thru October (when Soulcalibur 6 comes out), and that’s exactly what happened and I enjoyed the ride!! Over the past 4 months, here are 8 things that got my attention while playing it

Scritta da un AI
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt delivers an unparalleled gaming experience, an epic masterpiece that combines an engaging storyline, a vast and intricate world, and captivating gameplay to create a shining gem in the RPG landscape.  The game's narrative is deep and well-crafted, revolving around the adventures of the renowned monster hunter, Geralt of Rivia. His quest to find Ciri, his apprentice and adoptive daughter, forms the beating heart of the adventure. Every character, even those in the periphery, possesses a unique backstory and well-defined motivations, contributing to the creation of a vibrant and believable world. Moral choices influence the course of the story and the fates of characters, further enriching the gaming experience.  The world of The Witcher 3 is incredibly detailed and expansively vast. Landscapes range from the grandeur of cities to the intricacies of dark forests and snow-covered mountains. Each location is densely populated with NPCs, each with their own stories to tell and problems to solve. Attention to detail is evident in every aspect, from city architectures to the grass that yields beneath Geralt's footsteps.

Scritta da un umano 
Witcher III is an action RPG. While many of the fights are fun, this is where the game starts to show its weakness. Controlling Geralt is NOT hard, but not as easy as it should be. He moves very quickly, and you will not necessarily go exactly where you want. However, this is 1000 times worse on horseback! While the prospect of going to battle mounted on your horse sounds fabulous, this concept is completely broken in Witcher III. I only used my horse when I could not fast travel and had to cover large distances, otherwise you were basically a sitting duck on your horse! This may sound strange, but once you play the game you'll understand why. It's VERY hard to hit anyone while on your horse. You swing slowly, and most of the time miss. On the other hand, your enemies can continually peg you will on your horse until you die. Sounds broken? It is. This was laughably a bad job by CD Projekt RED (the developers). In fact, I would go so far as to say that some of the game mechanics (such as horseback riding) are perhaps the worst I have ever seen in a current-generation AAA game. Truly, horrendous. I honestly do not understand how this made it past testing? Furthermore, good luck while trying the races. Your horse can gallop, only to find herself stuck on some tiny rock. What do I mean? Your horse will run, and for no reason, continue to gallop but not actually move anywhere because there is some rock or something like that slightly blocking your way. In other words, BROKEN. I personally would advise you to SKIP the horrible horseback races or most anything to do with horseback riding. Another staple of The Witcher series is fistfighting. It returns in Witcher III, but sadly the controls are broken. To win basically any match, all you need to do is hit the 'strong attack' button over and over. Your opponent will try to protect himself, but you'll eventually get in some hits and over time he will go down, regardless of what his level is compared to your own. Sadly, there's really no skill involved, and if you try to do anything else (quick jabs, blocking) chances are your opponent will get in hits on you and take you down. So again, this is just an example of poor play control in the game, and frankly, you do not really get anything interesting from winning the boxing matches. In general, most of the enemy fights are fun, although by the time you face your 1000th drowner, you may be a bit tired of the whole thing. At any rate, in general fighting is fine. However, while fighting you can not jump over ANYTHING. So, you may be trying to back away from an enemy, only to find yourself stuck by a small little fence. WHY can Geralt not just jump over it?! That, is something you will have to ask the developers, and it is also something you will find annoying I assure you.

Scritta da un umano
And the last thing to note is how input is tallied in this game. Unlike other games where your input is queued when you press it, your input is only tallied when there aren't other inputs being given. For example, when I spawn in an FPS, I can preemptively start running and switch my weapon. Then once I spawn, my character will start running and switch weapons. Those inputs won't result in action at the second they're pressed, but they're backlogged, per se, to be carried out within the next few milliseconds or so (I'm sure there are time limitations to this). The Witcher 3 is not that type of game. If you press an input while something else is happening, it's most likely not going to register. Full stride on your horse and see some enemies? Let off of all the other action inputs and hold circle to start dismounting. If you don't see the button prompt on screen to let you know that you're dismounting, that means you aren't doing it. In a quick-reaction situation, it may feel like you gave the proper input to slow down, dismount, and start slashing away at a nearby foe. But in reality, you're still on your horse trying to slash at foes on the ground because you never got off of your horse. Thought you pressed X to loot that crate? Well, it seems your character was still in his walk animation, so the 'Loot' prompt wasn't active yet. And you pressing X button 10 times to try and loot the crate before the prompt was visible won't do you any good.